[Music]
you never know what's going to happen to
you the minute you step out of your
front door the truth is no matter how
prepared we think we are dangers will
always be present in our lives and
sometimes the only things that let us
live to see another day
is some quick thinking and a bit of luck
today we take a look at seven terrifying
moments that were just a little too
close for comfort
[Music]
you have to be pretty unlucky to be
struck by lightning and for one boy luck
may have been the one thing that saved
his life during a heavy storm in Posadas
Argentina in 2017 Karolina Couture
whipped out her phone to film her 12
year old son joking with her as he stood
with his umbrella outside in the rain
however what started as a light-hearted
moment quickly turned into terror for
the mother and her unnamed son
[Applause]
you can hear the horrified screams of
his mother as she films the lightning
bolt narrowly missing her son and
illuminating the whole yard with
dazzling light miraculously however
while a nearby fence was set on fire
Couture told local media that her son
was unharmed
it seemed luck was truly on the boys
side that day not only did he miss being
hit by lightning by mere feet the
cemento rim around the pool probably
saved his life as well by blocking
residual-current it goes to show that we
can never know when disaster might
strike and in the middle of a raging
thunderstorm well it's always best to
stay inside
[Music]
anyone who's ever had a best friend has
no doubt participated in some playful
teasing light-hearted jokes and pranks
are one thing but sometimes people end
up taking things away too far in April
2000 a teen CCTV footage taken in by
Elko County Poland captured such a
moment between two teenage girls as they
walked down the street everything seems
fine until suddenly one of the girls
shoves the other one to the side causing
her to fall right at the wheels of a
moving bus the wheels come frightening
Lee close to the girl's head but
amazingly she was uninjured aside from
some bruises the friend who did the
pushing seems to realize instantly the
severity of what she's done it's only by
sheer dumb luck her friend survived this
impulsive prank the two girls share a
hug and walk off together but while the
friends seem to have put all this behind
them the Polish authorities were not so
forgiving the near disaster ended up
costing the pusher 70 euros and fines
around 77 US dollars with the police
even seeking possible jail time for
causing a traffic hazard but at least
her friend didn't have to pay with her
life
[Music]
everyone knows you should always look
both ways before crossing the street but
kids aren't always the best when it
comes to following the rules a dashcam
video taken in gol Norway back in June
2017 captured this next harrowing moment
a school bus lets off a group of five
young children on the right side of a
highway they all start to go their
separate ways with two of the children
hurrying to cross the road without
checking for oncoming traffic
luckily froze a boy
the driver who took the video alerted
the truck by honking their horn and
flashing their lights the semi-truck
driver manages to hit the brakes just in
time and narrowly misses running the
child over by mere feet thanks to the
drivers quick thinking and the trucker's
even quicker reflexes nobody was hurt
that day hopefully the boy learned an
important lesson you can never be too
careful when crossing a busy road
[Music]
many youtubers put themselves in
interesting situations to entertain and
educate their fans and sometimes they
capture some pretty scary moments Kyle
Lamarr was a popular youtuber and twitch
streamer who ran the channel FPSRussia
using a Russian persona by the name of
Dmitriy Potapov his content mostly
focused on firearms and other weapons
which she would give demonstrations on
for his 6 million subscribers in January
2013 he uploaded this video of him
testing out a DRD paratus 18 also known
as a suitcase gun you don't need any
tools to assemble it everything is just
hand tight so there aren't any special
wrenches to keep up with no allen keys
anything like that
dimitri quickly assembles the gun and
shows off its accuracy and firepower by
shooting soda bottles and concrete to
show off how impressive the gun really
is he takes aim at the door of an old
pickup truck things almost immediately
go awry when the truck explodes and a
large piece of metal comes flying toward
him missing him by inches
ok so one last thing I figured we
couldn't make a video with such a
high-powered rifle that's blowing up a
truck so let's get a nice big explosion
a little shrapnel going while Dimitri's
accent is fake the look of shock on his
face is certainly not but ever the
professional Dmitri takes a deep breath
hides his horror and continues his
presentation to the camera never once
breaking character maybe a lot of
shrapnel well I really like this rifle
I've got to say like I said it's so
compact you can fold it up stick it
anywhere but hope you guys enjoyed the
video and as always have nice thing
[Music]
driving and heavy rain is never ideal
but trying to maneuver slippery roads
while riding a motorcycle can be
downright dangerous
in 2015 a couple in Thailand
inadvertently captured the terrifying
moment in which they almost lost their
lives the unnamed man rides his
motorcycle down a slippery road while
his girlfriend hangs on behind him it's
raining very hard and the roads are so
wet the water seems to even form waves
on the highway as the boyfriend speeds
up he suddenly loses control of the
motorcycle causing it to slip out from
underneath them
the boyfriend immediately takes the
woman's hand as the couple goes sliding
down a shockingly long stretch of the
road without missing a beat he helps
guide her body toward the muddy side of
the highway they finally come to a stop
and it quickly becomes apparent
the woman's helmet was too big for her
even with their gear she probably could
have been very seriously hurt had the
man not thought to pull her along with
him though the girlfriend is visibly
shaken by the ordeal the two of them
appeared to be completely unharmed
luckily for the couple there didn't
appear to have been any oncoming traffic
that they could have crashed into
hopefully the man will take this as a
lesson to never speed in the middle of a
rainstorm
[Music]
Heights and flying are common fears that
many people have so it's no wonder why
so many thrill-seekers looking for their
next adrenaline rush take two skydiving
and while it might be a great adventure
for some there's no denying it can get
very dangerous very fast because of this
it's common for beginners to jump
attached to an experienced instructor in
what's known as a tandem skydive however
even the most experienced instructors
can end up in some scary situations on
October 19 2014
Forrest Troy Pullman filmed what should
have been a routine tandem skydive over
a drop zone in Thailand that nearly
turned into a disaster with his friend's
wife in tandem he jumped from the plane
and for a few moments everything appears
fine and the woman is clearly enjoying
herself
that's when Pullman notices their plane
diving 180 degrees right toward him and
his passenger
[Applause]
[Music]
the plane flies so closely to them they
very narrowly miss being struck by its
wing propeller and tail unfortunately
for them the plane's wing did end up
clipping Pullman's drogue and bridle
making it impossible to deploy the main
parachute the two go down in a
terrifying freefall thankfully Pullman
is able to deploy the reserve chute and
both he and the passenger eventually
make it to the ground safely
[Music]
Pullman later stated in the comments of
this video on this jump the pilot messed
up in a big big way we're all very lucky
if the wing did hit us it could have
crippled us or killed us easily the
impact could have ripped the wing off
possibly killing the pilots who also got
very lucky Pullman also said he stopped
working at that drop zone and had to
take some time off from skydiving after
the incident
[Applause]
[Music]
anyone who likes to spend time outdoors
knows you should never mess with a wild
animal and as long as you're on a
predators turf there's no such thing as
being too careful
On June 27th 2018 Caleb and Vidya and
Shannon long two hunters out in the
Canadian wilderness got closer than they
ever expected to a family of bears on
the first day of their five-day long
hunt they set up some bait near a trail
overlooking a few black bears a sow and
her two cubs come by and the men watch
them for about an hour just as they
believe the family is about to retreat
the sow turns back and runs straight
toward the camera and Caleb
the mama bear tries to jump on Caleb and
attack him though she didn't realize
Shannan was there too he kicks at the
bear and shouts to scare her off for a
moment but she charges back a second
time at full speed
all right
with lots of shouting and a knife the
men managed to scare the sow off for
good this time
Caleb said if we were not together that
night we do believe she wouldn't have
stopped trying to maul one of us
luckily aside from one of the men
suffering a cut finger everyone managed
to get away without harm mama bear and
Cubs included which one of these close
calls did you think was the luckiest
have you ever had a terrifying close
call in your own life leave your comment
below and let us know thanks for
watching
[Music]
you